[Music]
the rock that was used to build this dam
contains essential minerals that have
been dissolved in water
minerals rich in the calcium that these
animals need to stay strong and there's
scale a dam to get them
[Music]
institutional extrema camicazi the
rapidity of italian economist sally i'm
not entertain for TC without these salts
and minerals their bones won't grow
their nervous systems and muscles can't
function
movement and coordination can falter
your by sensibo - Ryan you see petunia
multipy de e by the vessel Basso and
also know the certo Oh nos tobacco
there's a strong bond between mother and
kid and the kid will follow her wherever
she goes
[Music]
the IBEX eventually make it to the prize
salt from the earth dissolved in water
continues on its journey into their
bodies
[Music]
where it used in the nerves and muscles
that control dexterous pincer like
nerves
vital ingredients carried around by a
simple molecule with remarkable
properties
[Music]
you